added  location of windows fingerprint data (#4307)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-overview.md

Windows stores biometric data that is used to implement Windows Hello securely on the local device only. The biometric data doesn’t roam and is never sent to external devices or servers. Because Windows Hello only stores biometric identification data on the device, there’s no single collection point an attacker can compromise to steal biometric data. 

## From Windows 10 version 1803, the Windows Hello feature can be used as a safe and secure sign-in method.

> 1. Fingerprint scan can be enabled on laptop computers by using a built-in fingerprint reader or an external USB fingerprint reader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fingerprint scan can be enabled on laptop computers using a built-in fingerprint reader or an external USB fingerprint reader, as follows:
```

> 2. Go to **Settings** > **Accounts** > **Sign-in-options** > **Windows Hello Fingerprint** > **Add fingerprint**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to **Settings** > **Accounts** > **Sign-in-options** > **Windows Hello Fingerprint** > **Add fingerprint**
```

> 3. Users will need to add a PIN after adding their fingerprint(s) to the reader configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Users will need to add a PIN after adding their fingerprint(s) to the reader configuration.
```

> 4. Windows Biometric data is located in the `C:\Windows\System32\WinBioDatabase\` folder (fingerprint data is stored with the .DAT file name extension).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Windows Biometric data is located in the `C:\Windows\System32\WinBioDatabase\` folder (fingerprint data is stored with the .DAT file name extension).
```

> 5. If you are unable to sign in with previously registered fingerprints, delete the entire content of this folder and register your fingerprints again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If you are unable to sign in with previously registered fingerprints, delete the entire content of this folder and register your fingerprints again.
```

Windows stores biometric data that is used to implement Windows Hello securely on the local device only. The biometric data doesn’t roam and is never sent to external devices or servers. Because Windows Hello only stores biometric identification data on the device, there’s no single collection point an attacker can compromise to steal biometric data. 

> ## From Windows 10 version 1803, the Windows Hello feature can be used as a safe and secure login method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## From Windows 10 version 1803, the Windows Hello feature can be used as a safe and secure sign-in method.
```

> ## Starting from Windows 10 version 1803, the Windows Hello feature can be used as a safe and secure login method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## From Windows 10 version 1803, the Windows Hello feature can be used as a safe and secure login method.
```

> 1. Fingerprint scan can be enabled on laptop computers by using a built-in fingerprint reader or an external USB fingerprint reader.

Reviewer 3: This line gives me the impression of being a sub-heading rather than one of the steps to perform to enable a feature. Can it be rewritten to look like an instructive step to perform, or should it be pulled out of the list to become a sub-heading or descriptive text?

> 1. Fingerprint scan as a login method can be enabled on laptop computers by using a built-in fingerprint reader or an external USB fingerprint reader.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Fingerprint scan can be enabled on laptop computers by using a built-in fingerprint reader or an external USB fingerprint reader.
```

> 2. Go to Settings > Accounts > Sign-in-options > Windows Hello Fingerprint > Add fingerprint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to **Settings** > **Accounts** > **Sign-in-options** > **Windows Hello Fingerprint** > **Add fingerprint**
```

3. Users will need to add a PIN after adding their fingerprint(s) to the reader configuration.

> 4. Windows Biometric data is located in the following folder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Windows Biometric data is located in the `C:\Windows\System32\WinBioDatabase\` folder (fingerprint data is stored with the .DAT file name extension).
```

>  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

>  `C:\Windows\System32\WinBioDatabase\` (fingerprint data is stored with the .DAT file name extension)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 `C:\Windows\System32\WinBioDatabase\` (fingerprint data is stored with the .DAT file name extension).
```

>  `C:\Windows\System32\WinBioDatabase\` (fingerprint data is stored with the .DAT file name extension)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 
```

> 5. Users unable to login with already registered fingerprints will have to delete the entire content of this folder and register their fingerprints again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If you are unable to login with previously registered fingerprints, delete the entire content of this folder and register your fingerprints again.
```

> 5. If you are unable to login with previously registered fingerprints, delete the entire content of this folder and register your fingerprints again.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. If you are unable to sign in with previously registered fingerprints, delete the entire content of this folder and register your fingerprints again.
```

Windows stores biometric data that is used to implement Windows Hello securely on the local device only. The biometric data doesn’t roam and is never sent to external devices or servers. Because Windows Hello only stores biometric identification data on the device, there’s no single collection point an attacker can compromise to steal biometric data. 

> ## In Windows 10 from  v1803 , windows Hello feature is usefull for hasslefree login.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Starting from Windows 10 version 1803, the Windows Hello feature can be used as a safe and secure login method.
```

> 01.Users are advised to enable fingerprint to their laptops by using builtin fingerprint reader or external usb fingerprint redader.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Fingerprint scan as a login method can be enabled on laptop computers by using a built-in fingerprint reader or an external USB fingerprint reader.
```

> 02.Go to settings\accounts\sign-in-options\windows hello fingerprint\ add   fingerprint

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Go to Settings > Accounts > Sign-in-options > Windows Hello Fingerprint > Add fingerprint
```

> 03. Usershould add PIN after adding fingerprint to the reader.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Users will need to add a PIN after adding their fingerprint(s) to the reader configuration.
```

> 04. Location of the windows biometeric data  in this folder 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4. Windows Biometric data is located in the following folder:
```

>  **C:\Windows\System32\WinBioDatabase\**  **all  fingerprint datas are stored in .DAT formats**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 `C:\Windows\System32\WinBioDatabase\` (fingerprint data is stored with the .DAT file name extension)
```

> 05. if user are unable to  login with alreasdy register finger means , then users are advisied to delete all contents in this folder

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
5. Users unable to login with already registered fingerprints will have to delete the entire content of this folder.
```

>      **C:\Windows\System32\WinBioDatabase\**   and  then re add finger.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

>   

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

>  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

>  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
